Now let's take an overview of what we learned so far in this section.
And this section we took a look at what is a restful API and understood the principles behind it.
Then we moved on to the request types that we can use with HDTV or namely HTP methods.
We looked at four main methods and those were GET POST put and delete.
We also looked at two less commonly used methods and those were had and options
that brought us to response code that we received when we made any
that brought us to response codes that we received when we made any request types that we discussed.
And the response codes were enjoying from 200 to five hundreds with a descriptor status of requests
that we checked out the strategic lines that we can use to make requests.
Those include any web browser or the programmatic ones.
And in the next step we started building our own respites API.
We've created our model service and finally a controller where we actually find our restful API in the
next section.
We've gone over the rest for way PCs that were built and explained everything one by one so that we
can deeply understand what each and every element does.
Before we started implementing HTP lines in our code we took an important step and affected our code
so it can be easily maintainable in the future for doing that.
We upgraded our service methods for interacting with a repository and then removed the tight coupling
of our control over to repository implementation.
We also handled.
We also handled exceptions that might occur.
And of course we've done a couple of other things to improve our code for any developer and the users
we're going to use our API for the claims that we can use to make HTB requests.
We'll look at a good alternative and we looked at a good alternative we could use and that was Springs
template right after this template.
We checked out another awesome client that we could use to implement that in our application.
And that was for incline from Netflix again with different client making requests were easier creating
an interface for the producer application and Kellan and then calling the interface methods by working
on fayn client.
We also learned about another project and other great project from Netflix which was Eureka's server
Yuriko was a service registry and discovery for managing multi application environments so that you
could get the application talking to each other were easily
when we finished all.
When we finished discovering the world of restfully eyes you had an assignment that you can work on
your restfully API.
You could have used either the project that I made available for you on guitar dot com or you could
start from scratch either way I hope you do well on your exercise and let all these concepts sink in.
All right we've come to the end of another great section we're read very written a lot of code.
I hope you enjoy this section and if you have any problems with your own restful API implementation
don't hesitate to ask me about it so I can help you.
In the next section we'll bring all these awesome will bring all these awesome information together
to create a full fledged web application.
Will use time we've restful API as spring data and of course much more.
It's going to be an amazing section.
Before I talk about it more I'll be waiting to see on the next section.